thousands of light years away the battle
to catch the most dangerous criminal in
the galaxy cherno is underway
cherno's spacecraft collided with the
moon causing it to break into pieces
cherno dragged the whole laboratory down
into the ground
the leaders of the planet seized the
opportunity to seal this dangerous
consequence
bellow is assigned a mission to stay on
earth to watch
right where cherno was being held bello
set up a giant arena on the ground with
the shape of a beautiful dandelion
flower
he is here with three athletes who are
moving lightning fast they created a
playground called cosmoball
the method of competing skills to find
the ruler of the earth to neutralize the
destructive weapon called the wave eater
that cherno created by knocking them
away
tournaments are held the people who come
here to compete are mostly warriors from
many planets
they are so talented and cool
cosmoball gradually attracted the
attention of all mankind
they watched so enthusiastically that
they forgot to eat to sleep to even poop
the amount of wave eater created by
cherno was as much as garbage they were
kicked by the players and piled up into
mount fuji
the supply was not enough so bello in
addition to waiting for cherno to
produce more he also took advantage of
creating spheres that looked like that
but had no destructive effect
more than 20 years of peace since the
day churno came to earth epidemics have
spread
now humans have developed greatly
gradually moving towards a backward
civilization instead of watching tv they
switch to watching live
the only passion is cosmoball
hidden among the crowd of cosmoball
enthusiasts there is a young anton
gentle and no money
he doesn't understand why he hates this
sport so much
nobody likes anton
what people see in him or just stand
close is all trouble and bad luck spread
anton lives with his mother she is
terminally ill and has to take medicine
every day
anton loves his mother very much he goes
to steal medicine to save her
the person with him was linda a strange
girl
she also came here to steal something
the two then fled together from the
police chase
when discovered anton pretended to
surrender then excitedly ran away
but unexpectedly he had an accident
few people know that the person who
crashed the car into anton and the girl
named linda is a person cherno's
daughter
she does this to activate anton's
teleportation ability
it was an ability he had acquired by
accident 20 years ago during a disaster
caused by her father
activating the teleportation ability and
obtaining dna from anton allows cherno
to happily activate the giant beast that
rules over all the planets
anton doesn't know anything about being
hit by a car but finds himself still
alive
he appeared somewhere else in the city
linda quickly befriends anton
she led him to her residence giving him
a loving look
later when she said goodbye to him she
quickly plucked some of anton's hairs
she brought it home to show off to her
father cherno said she was useless just
a few feathers was not enough to
activate the giant beast
kill anton before bello knows
at this time bello was sitting leisurely
trying to reconnect the moon but
couldn't
there is a signal of a person with the
ability to teleport on earth
this is a potential candidate when his
team is short of people
bella tries to find anton's location he
convinces him to join cosmoball instead
of going to jail for stealing drugs
he even offered one more thing that
would guarantee a cure for his mother's
illness
a person who hates cosmoball like antol
nods in agreement because of his mother
together they flew to the dandelion
stadium
everything here is perfect even the
pollen scanning of hazardous matter
anton quickly became acquainted with
scott nick a type of biomechanics
connected with nerves normally in charge
of taking care of the owner and when
competing it is a solid protective armor
each scott nick will serve its unique
owner
anton hated it because it resembled the
lizard he feared
during the class on getting acquainted
with the energy ball natasha looked at
anton with a six-pack body looking very
sexy
she fell in love with him taking
advantage of the challenge to get close
to anton
they realize that only fear can make
anton activate the ability to teleport
and at the same time he must control it
without hesitating to ask for more
challenges in the end just after the
first lesson anton showed bello that he
was really a good candidate for the
goalkeeper position
he risked anton's participation in
tomorrow's battle as well
the plan was perfect until anton
overheard bello telling natasha that
anton's mother couldn't be saved
anton felt cheated he locked scott nick
in his backpack and went to find linda
this time linda is not wearing pants
it was a sight that countless boys
aspired to see
the yaokai today seems to want to eat
tripitaka
linda was startled because anton was
wearing a football shirt
it's right
he said but i won't be there for long
and i hate everything is there
she gives him the virus carrying magic
see that is purple in color
it was a seed her father planted that
was capable of killing all flora
including dandelions
linda repeatedly challenged anton and
ended with a pose that could not be more
high
they were about to have sex when scott
nick and natasha interrupted
missing the sweet opportunity they bid
each other farewell and secretly
exchanged magic seeds
anton must hurry back to prepare for
tomorrow's match
the dandelion stadium today is crowded
with people back and forth a lot of fans
from many planets pour in
for the first time in his life anton put
on a football shirt that millions of
people follow and admire
but he didn't feel it was an honor anton
still harbored the thought of revenge in
order for bella to pay for lying to
treat his mother anton immediately
throws the seeds that linda gave him to
let them die
after that anton confidently entered the
competition
today's opponent is an alien with a huge
physique
the two sides greeted a few words and
then quickly confronted
in order not to disappoint the audience
and teammates anton decided to sit like
a banana seller in the market right in
the middle of the yard
anton acts awkward on the first day of
launch which forces bella to ask to stop
the battle for a time out
anton exposes bello for cheating on him
he didn't know that after the words he
heard that day they asked the council to
allow the use of extraterrestrial drugs
to save his mother
she is very healthy now
bello leads anton to the so-called
secret behind the field he explains to
anton we are saving this planet your
every action is a consequence for the
happiness of the people here let's fight
like a bodyguard a true warrior
anton froze he realized what stupid
thing he had just done
at this time the magic seed had
penetrated into each plant cell
infiltrating the stadium system
there is no other way anton must quickly
stop this his misunderstanding cannot be
left to the whole of humanity
anton tried to signal the impending
danger
the emergency evacuation warning system
was set up the dandelions seemed to fly
out of its wings
the birds broke their nests and many
wave eaters were used by chernow to
release them randomly
he wanted to quickly destroy this place
to get out
but he was desperate angry when anton
kicked them all out
five six seven and dozens
countless balls
all the players were surprised looking
at anton cool it was only a pity that
the audience could not admire this
eye-catching shot
anton doesn't understand why linda has
such mysterious things
he decided to lock scott nick so that he
could go and find linda alone
anton was a bit horrified to see linda
sitting like a maid she even breathed
stink in his face and mobilizing him
linda confided she is the one who always
creates bad luck and fear of lizards for
him
with the hope that if he can destroy the
dandelion system and save cherno's
father then he and she can be together
forever
one-sided love is like a dog chewing on
a bone anton has not fulfilled that
destiny
today she decided to end her love in
order to develop a world hegemony with
her father
anton's head was drilled his dna was
quickly sent
scott nick smelled the owner in danger
it frantically broke the fence to find
the owner
again it saved him but this time for the
last time for the last time
turner receives the dna that activates
her destructive weapon
for him this beast had already had a
long hibernation
now get up and fight
cherno lay softly on the mattress then
slowly crawled into the familiar dark
control center that he hadn't felt in a
long time
a new era an era called cherno
anton found bello extremely disappointed
to know that anton had poisoned the
stadium
cherno challenges bello and quickly
disappears
he and the giant beast watched the earth
from afar
that blue earth will soon crumble
anton at this time officially became
redundant a scoundrel
for the first time in my life the
unexpected happened
bellow sends a message to all fans the
truth that cosmo ball has long held
a villain has escaped from captivity and
is able to destroy the entire universe
today like 20 years ago fire will fall
from the sky
and bring destruction to the earth once
more
the athletes are here to protect you
we will fight against this threat
the dandelion is officially uprooted to
fulfill its next destiny
and the peaceful days in the lower world
for the past 20 years anton really
suffers he has never been as sad as now
his mother advised strong people will
try to correct their mistakes don't be
sad
natasha discovers that cherno is the
failed creation of bello a spoiled son
with distorted perceptions
he has an amazing ability to learn on
his own
the monster he created absorbs all the
energy of the objects that attack it
thousands of wave enter were created and
sent the universe a message die
taking advantage of the last piece of
cookie before there is no more
opportunity to eat the players kick the
ball without missing a shot
but where is the strength to shoot from
morning to night the galactic fleet
summons all ships to encircle the giant
beast
but to no avail
completely useless
it destroys each ship quickly
the players kicking made the sky look
like
fireworks anton bordley whispered to
scott nick about the brotherhood of the
same blood with blessings and
misfortunes
then he risked his life to save the
world
scott nick was touched by anton's
affection
it revives and the two become one
anton after harmonizing with scott nick
can disable the energy bridge with just
a butt flick
in the galaxy only the bellowship is
left alive
he gave the management to natasa but she
followed him to where cherno was
bello takes off his armor to reveal his
true self looks a bit like cherno
but wider
the two confided old memories and rushed
at each other with punches that couldn't
be more unintentional
bellow made a mistake once by not being
able to kill him this time he will try
again
the two attacked each other and their
disciples did not watch but
enthusiastically fought along
natasha kept slapping linda several
times
she was eventually inactivated by the
magic smoke from linda
knowing that natasha followed bella to
the moon anton after dealing with the
ground also followed
bellow is overwhelmed using his
intelligence he freezes all of cherno's
wave enter he also freezes
linda pretends to be natasa and gives
bello a magical breath that immobilizes
bello
she quickly released her father
and so bello must die
anton shows up to the rescue but is
immediately shot through the muscle from
cherno
he didn't care if his daughter was in
pain anton's armor saved him
bellow was killed without respect anton
is then sucked into the giant beast's
biology
a certain connection made it possible
for him to communicate with this beast
it was made of anton's cells once again
anton had to smell this stink
anton said to the beast we have the same
blood you can trust me and so the giant
beast turned into a baby
miraculously it was completely tamed by
anton
chernow manipulates the beast according
to his will it seems that it is fighting
against the human inside it
cherno was completely devoured and died
in completely
an unexpected death cherno dragged
countless wave enter eyes to the earth
but was completely disabled
many years later wave enter was used to
use energy to restore life to people on
earth
people become happier
people focus on earning and working no
longer looking up at the sky
you have just finished watching the
story of cosmoball the film hopes to
bring wonderful moments of relaxation
with you and your loved ones during the
epidemic season
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
to receive our latest videos this is the
end of the movie see you in the next
movie
thank you for watching the movie